<STX>



Welcome to program 28 of VOA Radiogram from the Voice of America.

Here is the lineup for today's program (produced with Fldigi
3.21.76AG):

3:33  MFSK16: Program preview (now)
5:38  MFSK 16/32/64/128 images: Large diamond
3:45  MFSK32: BBC World Service archive
4:04  MFSK64: Deutsche Welle, Radio/TV Marti, with image
1:32  MFSK128: Willis Conover Facebook page, with image
 :44  MFSK32: Email address
2:02  MFSK64: ISON comet, with image
2:29  MFSK64/Flmsg: Ultra-compact galaxy
 :37  MFSK32: Closing announcements
    
Please send reception reports to radiogram@voanews.com

And visit voaradiogram.net

Twitter: @VOARadiogram

Next on VOA Radiogram will be the transmission of the same photo
in MFSK16, 32, 64, and 128.

During each mode change will be 4 seconds of silence before and 6
seconds of silence after the RSID.

Each photo transmission is 1:20 to 1:30 in duration.

Photo caption: A 59.6-carat pink diamond that will be auctioned
by Sotheby's in Geneva at an asking price of $60 million...

<EOT>
 
<STX>
Sending Pic:140x169C;
1 ôîòî
Sending Pic:140x169C;
2 ôîòî
Sending Pic:140x169C;
3 ôîòî

News about international broadcasti
This is VOA Radiogram in MFSK32.


News about international broadcasting from kimandrewelliott.com.
A shortened URL for each post is below the headline.


Listeners are helping BBC validate World Service archive
metadata.

j.mp/1apoo24

BBC Internet Blog, 24 Sept 2013, Tristan Ferne: "The BBC World
Service Archive prototype allows you to search, browse and listen
to over 36,000 radio programmes from the BBC World Service
archive spanning the past 45 years. For a limited time you can
explore this archive and help us improve it by validating and
adding topic tags that describe the programmes. ... So far, users
of the prototype have listened to around 12,000 of the 36,000
programmes that are available and tagged or edited about 7,000 of
these. This has generated over 70,000 individual metadata 'edits'
(votes, new tags etc). We've even had some dedicated listeners
send us recordings of programmes that were missing from the
archive. We are currently analysing the data so far to see how
good the tags are by comparing professional archivists, listeners
and our algorithms."


The overlooked history of the international TV distribution
business.

j.mp/14IjsEA

Connect 2 Media & Entertainment, 25 Sept 2013, Dom Serafini:
"[O]ne can find plenty of historical references about TV
technology, production, advertising and broadcasting. But for
academia, it's as if 50 years of international TV distribution
business never existed. And yet, international program sales made
commercial television viable and fostered its growth outside the
United States. If it weren't for American international
distribution, Canada couldn't have supported its first commercial
TV stations that later formed the CTV network. If countries such
as Mexico, Venezuela and Brazil hadn't started to export
Telenovelas in the 1950s and 1960s (first selling scripts, then
kinescoped versions and later, in 1965 versions on two-inch
videotapes), Latin America's TV industry couldn't have developed
as it did. If not for TV content sold internationally, Italy
couldn't have introduced commercial television in Europe. And
yet, very few records remain of those milestones."


VOA Radiogram now changes to MFSK64.

Next will be 4 seconds of silence, followed by the RSID for
MFSK64, followed by an additional 6 seconds of silence. If the
RSID does not change your mode to MFSK64, please do so
manually...

<EOT>

This is VOA Radiogram in MFSK64.


News about international broadcasting from kimandrewelliott.com
Ftvqh  78he Welle's departing director on the roles on shortwave,
internet, television.

j.mp/1aoyekN 

The Times of Inlbho?icCt 2013, Deutsche Welle director general
Erik Bettermann as interviewed by Debasis Konar: "The importance
of shortwave has decreased dramatically almost everywhere,
largely due to increasing dominance of the internet. That's why
Deutsche Welle (DW) has reduced its shortwave radio programmes
significantly and invested more resources into its online
presence and television activities. ... Despite the increasing
importance of the Internet, radio is still a vi aT tePrce of
information in many regions, where Internet access is limited. In
sub-Saharan Africa and parts of Asia, DW not only distributes its
radio content via shortwave, but also via partner stations. We
provide our users with audio files and podcasts in a variety of
languages. Many young people are accessing DW's audio offerings
ti tnj6og°elt
tn;d [Erik Bettermann's term as director
general of DW ends 30 September.]


Director of Radio/TV Marti describes his station's media mix.

j.mpatntDr0O7E

Radio Prague, 19 Sept 2013, Carlos Garcia-Perez, director of
Radio/TV Marti, as interviewed by Patrick McCumiskey: "We are 5multi m pee?peration. ... Why
is that? Well, there are two
primary reasons. Firstly, it's the most efficient way of carrying
on our operation today, and, as you know, the internet is a big
player. You (Radio Prague) play a big role on the internet now,
so internet and social media has changed the spectrum of how
information is disseminatin?tt dpC A  fh uqEtz sKecondly, it is the attempt to jam us by the
Cuban government.
And we go from the most primitive way of distributing
information, which is through flash drives and DVDs on the
island, where we put our radio and TV content to satellite. In
between those, we have an AM station, we have our own 1180 [kHz]
signal, but we buy time foild ogoveetions in Miami- that's
in a test period- but we do that because we know it reaches the
island, and we are getting great feedback from the island on
these. We are doing short wav ¦ rgte are also testing FM. We
know the access to internet is a bigrx Uo( ghn taknow access to the internet on the island
is very
limitee { rIRtmer shortwave broadcaster Radio Prague is now
Internet-only.]

Photo follows: Radio/TV Marti director Carlos Garcia-Perez at
Radio Prague. Photo by Milos Turek...

<EOT>
 F ptt<CAN>;<DLE> hOn
<STX>
Sending Pic:200x152C;

4 ôîòî

Next will be 4 seconds of silence, followed by the RSID for
MFSK128, followed by an additional 6 seconds of silence. If the
RSID does not change your mode to MFSK128, plemt:

This is VOA Radiwain MFSf?28.


VHs Willis Conover has a (memorial) <SYN>1ebook page.

n<a s PiFgpef VOA's treasures, an internationally-known jazz
aficionado, well-connected within the jazz community but
little-known in the United States." "Although fene C?&ndte baritone was the voice
of jazz — that quintessentially American music — for millions
around the world. From 1955 until 19?ePw hiiM'so3?ue,Nqa aazz
Hour brought sounds that Louis Armstrong once ca?e <ESC>e Yt °tUB TjCoo,@r tBeCwoice of
AmeriIekvi z!etetnezn

This is VOA Rltett|  v ˆu {K32.

Plea Eee?i? vion reports to radiogo?	jtllews.com

And visit voaradiogram.net

Twitter: @VOARadiogram

VOA Radiogram now changes to MFSK64.

ISON's Approach Captured by Amateur Astronomers

VOA News
sttchD mxxmet ISON was spotteieacopOCewot e eTtronomers as
the highly-anticipated arrival of the icy space visitor nears.

"I photographed Comet ISON on September 15 using my az9ebt in]fbcnh8kAIK o n ane? ntuF
[na_n2d stronomer Efrain Morales Rivera sawoRq n?Om  depte&er 14 "rising above the (?ihe
rain
forest just minutes before sunp?e. I used a 12p/r0q8dmake its closest approach to the sun
on Nrl aiiitMat?la  GPw
it reacts to ioe a)e lO[aid that in mid-September the
approaching comet was glowing like a star of 14th magnitude.
That's deajRtlainly we would love it c  a couple of magnitudes briguterp¤FN?berel Battams
of the Naval Research
Lga in ge aqton, D.C., "but it's doing just fine. I'd say it's
still on course <ETX>zP-fbject."

NASA cautions that comets are capab™qizzling at the last
minute even annwRt RtO <FS>nnfn7dr ts brush with solar fire, it could be
visible  ;J eye, NASAle(id exthe latest images, internationally knrur lm§IAo?t?rs likely to
survive thettmvHvenaaHtiy 8xhe Sun? Wrrighten
edia, liEoIarly hype led the tni tcbrt( , Comet ISON shouart 
a t  l?hoSliag tSimhe hours preced<SO>dkl  t1 Aw)roach to the sun."

oJ tapR qce axorsill emerge from the sun's glare
wtio tS ttervers in the northern hemisphere. The
comet's tail will likely be visible to the nakeee»t‚uz umorning and evening sky throughout
December 2013.

The last coeewlOnbwomet Lovejoy,
which gave viewers in ttnweJh  eetNb ltoKew oI hymAeet's tail stretching halfway across the
sky.p¦h cap://www.voanews.com/content/isons-approsiJocumented-by-amate
ur-astronomers <ACK>osn ISON  e?aul of the Canary Isl r luob<ENQ>



